PIPET
Your voice, wherever you type.
Made by vietbrosinaus

INSTALL
1. Open the DMG and drag Pipet into Applications.
2. Eject the DMG, then open Pipet from Applications.
3. Follow the macOS confirmation prompt to open Pipet.
   Preview builds that are not notarized may require Open Anyway under
   System Settings > Privacy & Security.
4. Pipet lives in the menu bar. Click its speech-bubble icon to open it.

BEFORE YOU DICTATE
- macOS 14 or later, Apple silicon or Intel Mac.
- An internet connection.
- Install Codex CLI and sign in using your own account.
  Instructions: https://developers.openai.com/codex/cli/
  In Terminal: npm install -g @openai/codex
  Then: codex login
  Node.js/npm are required for this installation route; follow the linked
  instructions if you need to install them first.
- In Pipet, allow Microphone and enable Pipet under
  System Settings > Privacy & Security > Accessibility.

DICTATE
Click a text field. Hold Control-M, speak, and release.
Most editable text fields accept insertion. Secure fields and apps that
block Accessibility or paste may require manual entry.
Use Pipet's practice field to try it out.
If insertion fails or you switch apps during transcription, use
Copy Last Transcript in the menu bar or Copy in the Pipet window.
Pipet never automatically sends a message or submits a form.

IF YOU USED CODEX VOICE BEFORE
Quit Codex Voice before opening Pipet. They share the Control-M shortcut.
Pipet has a new app identity, so grant permissions to Pipet itself.

IF THE ACCESSIBILITY SWITCH IS ON BUT INSERTION IS BLOCKED
Quit Pipet. Remove its old entry from Accessibility with the minus button,
then add the installed Applications/Pipet.app with the plus button and
turn it on. Reopen Pipet. This can happen after replacing a local build.

PRIVACY
The app reads your local Codex authentication to use your own account.
Audio is sent to OpenAI after you release the shortcut.
Temporary recordings are deleted after each transcription attempt.
The latest transcript stays in memory until you quit.
No account credentials or recordings are bundled in this download.

LIMITATIONS
Pipet uses an experimental, undocumented Codex transcription endpoint.
It works in current testing but may change or stop being available.
Codex sign-in, account access, and macOS permissions are required.
Apple silicon has been tested here. Intel is compiled into the app but
has not been tested on a physical Intel Mac.
Signing and notarization depend on the release. Use the latest
Apple-notarized download when sharing Pipet.

CREDITS
Built on Codex Voice by Anthony Kroeger (anthnykr), the GOAT:
https://github.com/anthnykr/codex-voice
Distributed under the MIT license included alongside this file.
